[JavaScript] Add Array Loops concept exercise (#2126)
exercism/v3: languages/javascript/exercises/concept/array-loops/.docs/instructions.md

<!--
This is the markdown file with the instructions on how to complete the exercise.

See https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/concept-exercises.md#docsinstructionsmd
-->

As a budding magician, Elyse needs to be able to analyze her deck in lots of different ways.

> To keep things a little bit simpler, she only uses cards with values 1-10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep things a simple, she only uses cards with values 1-10.
```
